fix ch6 typos (#40)
soupi/learn-haskell-blog-generator: src/06-errors_and_files/04-implementation.md

## Summary

> With that, we have completed our `HsBlog.Directory` module that converts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that, we have completed our `HsBlog.Directory` module that is responsible for converting
```
